docs: add additional information about `NuxtPage` (#30781)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/1.components/2.nuxt-page.md

::warning
If you enable `<Transition>` in your page component, ensure that the page has a single root element.
::

## Props

- `name`: tells `<RouterView>` to render the component with the corresponding name in the matched route record's components option.
  - type: `string`
- `route`: route location that has all of its components resolved.
  - type: `RouteLocationNormalized`
- `pageKey`: control when the `NuxtPage` component is re-rendered.
  - type: `string` or `function`
- `transition`: define global transitions for all pages rendered with the `NuxtPage` component.
  - type: `boolean` or [`TransitionProps`](https://vuejs.org/api/built-in-components#transition)
- `keepalive`: control state preservation of pages rendered with the `NuxtPage` component.
  - type: `boolean` or [`KeepAliveProps`](https://vuejs.org/api/built-in-components#keepalive)

::tip
Nuxt automatically resolves the `name` and `route` by scanning and rendering all Vue component files found in the `/pages` directory.
::

## Example

> For example, passing `static` key, `<NuxtPage>` component is rendered only once when it is mounted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you pass a key that never changes, the `<NuxtPage>` component will be rendered only once - when it is first mounted.
```

## Custom Props

`<NuxtPage>` also accepts custom props that you may need to pass further down the hierarchy.

For example, in the below example, the value of `foobar` will be passed to the `NuxtPage` component and then to the page components.

```vue [app.vue]
<template>
  <NuxtPage :foobar="123" />
</template>
```

We can access the `foobar` prop in the page component:

```vue [pages/page.vue]
<script setup lang="ts">
const props = defineProps<{ foobar: number }>()

console.log(props.foobar) // Outputs: 123
```

> If without `defineProps`, you can access the `foobar` prop directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not defined the prop with `defineProps`, any props passed down to `NuxtPage` can still be accessed directly from the page `attrs`:
```
